Suggest against SX1276 devices (#1613)
meshtastic/meshtastic: docs/hardware/devices/index.mdx

:::info

> - Devices using the previous-generation Semtech SX1276 are no longer recommended due to poor performance .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Devices using the previous-generation Semtech SX1276 are no longer recommended due to their inferior performance.
```
